# AQ2World Official Server Policy

Thank you for your interest in the AQ2World Official Server Program!  Your approval to this program requires that you agree with the following policies.  This list is subject to change and is considered a living document, but every reasonable effort will be made to keep all participants updated with changes.

## Policy Documentation
**I agree to:**

1. Adhere to policy additions, removals and adjustments made to this document, and to make reasonable efforts to participate in calls to vote for said changes.
2. Run a portainer-agent container along with the game servers for remote, shared administration via the AQ2World Admin Panel.
3. Run a stat publisher docker container along with the game servers for shipping stat logs.
4. Only ship official stat logs via the stat publisher, generated by the game.  Stats found to be fraudulent will be removed from the database.
5. Only upload demos via the q2admin Lua system to the S3 bucket defined for this purpose.  Any non-demos will be deleted.
6. Not abuse any credentials provided to me, or share these credentials with anyone, including but not limited to:
    * AWS credentials
    * API or bot credentials
    * Admin Panel credentials
    * RCON passwords
7. Not abuse my ability to administrate other members' servers, including but not limited to:
    * Kicking/banning players unless necessary
    * Turn off, delete, modify or restart servers not owned by you unless requested by the other of those servers to do so (See server tags to find the owners)
8. Update your servers as soon as possible when new releases are available.  They are announced in the **#server-admins** channel.  This includes:
    * Participation in testing new server releases before they are released, if requested
    * Adjusting server settings or adding/removing features if deemed necessary to maintain a consistent player experience
    * Adding or adjusting more containers to run alongside the servers (for example, stat-publisher and portainer-agent)
9. Hostname requirements should follow this naming scheme prefix:
    * 'AQ2World (region) Gamemode'
      * for example: "AQ2World (NL) Teamplay"
      * another example: "AQ2World (NL Amsterdam) TP 1"
      * if there is a naming conflict, we will work together to get a proper naming scheme
10. (Optional) DNS entry created for your servers, under the **aq2world.com**, **aqtiongame.com** and/or **aq2zone.com** domains, for ease of connectivity and identification, for example:
    * official-nl.aq2world.com
    * off-nl-ams.aqtiongame.com
    * off-nl.aq2zone.com

**Any violations of the above policies may involve termination of the Official Server Program for your servers and all related accounts disabled/removed.  This decision will be at the discretion of the AQ2World team and administrators.**
